Author: xyzzy
Affiliation: Boss DAO 
Role: Founder
Discord; xyzzy#2506
Twitter; xyzzyyyy

Rationale and Proposal Intro:

I propose that Boss DAO utilize 15,000 ADA from the treasury to buy a mix of CardanoBits (Cbits) NFTs. CardanoBits is the first, original 10k collection on Cardano. With the recent SpaceBudz fiasco, the provenence of Cbits has changed and it is only a matter of time before savvy collectors move to this project as *the* OG Cardano 10k Collection. In addition to this, its style of art (Pixelated) is extremely popular and valuable, with a CryptoPunk getting a staggering 18m USD offer this week on the Ethereum, with many other verifiably legitimate sales happening for multiple millions. It is only a matter of time before collectors of this style notice Cbits and its unique, somewhat awkward (awesome) style. I truly see them as the "cryptopunks" of Cardano, for what its worth comparing seperate entities like this.

Proposal Details

What will Boss DAO do? 
  Invest 15,000 ADA into Cbits NFTs, specifically;
    1x Mummy: 2000 Floor
    1x Shadow: 1800 Floor
    1x Skeleton: 1522 Floor
    1x Robot: 1355 Floor
    2x Abomination: ~700 Floor
    3x Alien: Get good traits (2000 ADA Max)
    ~5000 ADA will be leftover at this point. It will be used on various floors and special traits that are listed at the time of sweeping.

Boss DAO members will relentlessly tweet about the OG status of Cbits, and ensure that the world knows: THEY ARE THE FIRST, FULLY ORIGINAL 10k COLLECTION ON CARDANO!

What does the DAO stand to gain?

Cbits is an OG project on Cardano that is THE original 10k collection. All other projects have shown to be replications or not original. Cbits has stood the test of time and will soon no longer just be a figure of speech. All Cbits will have the ability to get themselves a set of legs for the metaverse, or where ever they want to walk here soon. Being one of the OG projects, the idea here is: provenence of the artwork. We arent buying to flip, or to see immediate returns but rather to hold a signficant piece of OG Cardano pie, and the respective intellectual property rights that an NFT could carry here. 

We also stand to gain the "first mover" status here. This is a hidden gem on the network in my, and other peoples opinion. Having a big holding will be useful down the road when they inevitably accrue value for being such historic digital artworks.

Thank you for reading!

TL:DR ; Buy CardanoBits, an OG project with provenence and meaning within the context of digital art, NFT art, and history of Cardano. They also get legs soon! Also, tweet a lot and push Cbits as the OG cnft.
