ADAPUNKZ 

05-24-2022 - Roberts1988- Adapunkz - Multi rank buy.md

Proposal:

I propose an investment of 7.5k ADA into the Adapunkz project - 3.5k to sweep the floor, 3.5k to buy various different top 1000 Punkz and 0.5k to buy up metaverse passes. 
This is to enable max exposure to the upcoming Adapunkz Vox drop ,before the date is announced, which should see an increase in the floor price.


Proposal Details:

The proposal is aimed to maximise short term and long term gain. By investing 3.5k into sweeping the floor the DAO is maximising the amount of PUNKZ it would hold to enble max Vox airdrops.
By investing 3.5k into buying top 1000 PUNKZ the DAO is maximising long term gain by having rare PUNKZ in the top punk nft project on Cardano, as Punk projects generally become valuable over lomger time frames for their historic value.
The 0.5k Ada investment into the metaverse passes should significantly appreciate once the PUNKZ metaverse areas in Pavia and Bossplanet go live.
This team has been highly active since their mint last year in September, has added metaverse utility to thier roadmap, was the first DAO on Cardano, acquired a collab with BCRC and is always transparent. 
I feel the team is very investible and will be around for the long term. I also believe the floor is highly undervalued and has significant room for growth.
ADAPUNKZ has the highest volume traded of any Punk project on Cardano and has positioned itself as the bluechip Punkz project with it's ambitious roadmap and established community.
Adapunkz has 9k followers on twitter and just under 4k members in discord, (the majority of who are serious holders). I feel this project is highly undervaled and once Punkz projects reach hype again
and Cardano is more established in the Nft space, Adapunkz will be seen as the offical Punk project on Cardano and do very well.
Ideally this vote should take place as soon as possible, as the Vox drop details could come at any point and the floor price would rise.



Links:

Roadmap
https://adapunkz.io/

Twitter
https://twitter.com/ADAPunkz

The discord has amazing Mods and dev team, feel free to drop in and ask questions.
http://discord.gg/MzRaRZnTYz

Kind regards

Roberts1988

